hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be doing another study with me so I had
so many more requests to do one after
uploaded my last one so today is a
Friday and I decided to show you all of
the studying that I did today so the
first thing I did was obviously eat
breakfast and at the same time I was
reading through a reading which was for
theology and then next I had this
reading on Hume to do for philosophy so
I just did it on my iPad and I went
through and just made some thoughts and
I tried to think really deeply about
this so it did end up taking me quite a
long time and I believe that I started
work at around 6:30 this morning I like
to start fairly early because it makes
me feel more productive and as though
I've got more done with my day
[Music]
so the next thing I did was actually
plan my study session for today and all
of my daiva cares I wanted to just get
straight into work this morning because
the humor eating was quite daunting and
I just found my study session on my
study planner from pumpkin productivity
which I actually designed myself
and then next I decided to watch their
School of Life video on him I really
like these videos as just an
introduction to somebody's work and this
just meant that it was easier for me to
understand the material contextually and
then I just basically went through all
of the notes that I had made on Hume
when doing the reading and transferred
them into my notes so then the next
thing I did was just read through the
Stanford encyclopedia and tree and also
answer the questions which I had been
specifically asked to consider when
doing the reading so I did that and then
I also always like to do a summary of
each section so that I find it when I'm
revising what I'm doing essays it's so
much easier for me to just go back and
summarize the argument and the next
thing I needed to do was recap on and I
lacked to which I had missed a few days
before so on the Tuesday of this week I
had got to London and this meant that I
missed my last lecture of the day so
basically I just went through the
lecture and listened to it and looked
through the slides and wrote up some
notes
then the next thing I wanted to do was
make a Quizlet set on Descartes because
it's just useful to have your study
result is already so that when you come
to revise you don't have to spend loads
of time concentrating on making
resources you can just get straight
stuck into learning them and I believe
that this set ended up being something
like 50 times so it was quite long but
I'm really glad that I did it
[Music]
so then next I had elected to go to and
this was on evidence arguments and after
my lecture I decided to go to the
library so it was only an hour long and
I went to the library and I just did
some more of the day cut quiz at set
which I had started earlier no that's a
lie I was doing my Plato quizzes that
I'm so sorry I got that completely wrong
getting upset on Plato here and I'm
really sorry that it's so blurry I did
not realize that the camera quality
would be this bad when I filmed so then
I had some books which I had to find and
take out so I was basically just looking
for some to help me with an assay which
I've got to do for Christian origins and
here's me just amusing myself by looking
at all the books and making funny
movements with my shoes apparently so
this is the book that we were
recommended and I basically just decided
instead of taking out the book because I
knew that everyone in my class of one to
use it I just went through and took
pictures of the pages which would be
useful to help me with the essay
[Music]
so street after this I had a tutorial so
I went on to that and then I went
straight on to my trampolining lesson
slash session it's basically a
three-hour trampolining session and here
is a clip of me walking over it's now 6
o'clock and I've just arrived at st.
Luke's fringe is very strange so I've
got two hours of trampolining when I got
back it was about 9 o'clock so I just
decided to do the washing up and also
make myself some dinner so I just
decided to make myself some vegetables
and I really wasn't that hungry today so
I cut up all of the vegetables which I
had left pretty much because I had quite
a few and I made little jambalaya of
sorts it was really delicious so thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week
[Music]
you